DEMO

Double click ReadImages.bat
In the open dialog box, navigate to DEMO/Images, and click Select folder - this selects the 
folder to read the snowtography images from

The first image to pop up will be a full image covering multiple snowtography stakes.  Here, we 
need to follow instructions at the top and draw boxes around each of the stakes by clicking and 
dragging the mouse.  This will define numbered boxes for each stake.  It is recommended that the
boxes are drawn generously around the stakes because there can be movement between images (as 
trees sway in the wind, and sometimes the camera slips a little bit)

Once the boxes are drawn, close the window (using the x in the corner or by pressing ctrl-w).  
Then, the contents of each box will be drawn, where you will need to mark each stake twice (at 
different ft increments) so that it can figure out where the increments are.  For example, click 
the upper side of the top mark, and then type 5 (which tells it that this point corresponds to 
the 5th ft), then repeat this process for at the top of the bottom most red line (this is the 1 
ft line).  Once you do this, it will fill in where it thinks the remaining points go.  If you 
are happy, you can close the window and move to the next stake.  To repeat the process to get a 
better result, click anywhere on the image, and it will allow you to do it again.

Repeat for the remaining stakes.  Note that sometimes, the whole stake is not visible, so it may 
be necessary to pick different ft intervals (e.g. 4 ft and 1 ft).

Next, the program cycles through each stake in each image and asks you to click the depth of 
snow.  You have some options to skip a stake if an image can't be interpreted, or if needed, 
moving the markings on the stakes (which is common because there is often some movement as trees 
sway in the wind). Press "m" to move the markings (which will allow you to adjust the point of 
the top stake that you clicked in the previous step), press "w" to mark a measurement as missing
for a particular day (it will not try to interpret this stake using other images for this date), 
or close the window to mark a measurement as missing for this image (but in this case, the 
program will try to use another image on this date to fill in the value for this stake).  
Clicking below the lowest depth is equivalent to having zero depth.  Note again that the 
instructions above the image tell what to do.

Note that this program creates two files next to the image directory.  One, <ImageDir>_info.mat, 
contains the information about where the stakes are located in the images, and the other, 
<ImageDir>_data.csv, contain the actual snow depth values.  Both files are updated as the 
program proceeds, so program execution can be resumed at any point (though note that snow depths 
for a given date are written all at once, so a partially completed data that is interrupted 
would need to be reanalyzed).

Other Tips:
- As snow depths are analyzed, the command line output shows the value of the clicked snow 
depths so they can be verified.
- <ImageDir>_data.csv can be inspected and edited externally (e.g. if you make a mistake), but 
remember to close the file (because Windows is restrictive about file locks)
- On many days, it is probably necessary to make small adjustments to the camera positioning 
(e.g. press "m" and realign the the tick marks to the top of the markings on the stake), though 
this likely only has to be done to the first stake, bucause this shift is also applied to the 
other stakes
- If the camera moves too much on a given day, it may be necessary to reset the stake 
positions.  This can either be done as the program loads (when it asks if the boxes are in the 
right locations, or by manually removing <ImageDir>_info.mat and restarting the program
- Closing the command window (or typing ctrl-c) will halt the program

